hey everybody welcome back to magic
orthodoxy my name is David and this is a
deck review today I want to look at the
bicycle fan backs that were released by
Dan and Dave now the fan backs are a
deck that were a deck that came out a
long time ago at 1894 mrs. Joe
Robinson's clickers handbook has these
listed as number 56 and the title she
gave them with new fan because there was
actually an old fan deck and when it
came out originally it was available in
red and blue if you look at the fan back
back at this card there are two fans on
the top and bottom there is the bicycle
within each fan and then kind of a
little flower design at the bottom of
each fan and then a lot of scroll work
around the edgings on the left in the
right it is a very elegant and very
pretty Becca cards I guess see why Denon
Dave chose this deck out of all of
bicycles past x2 to reprint it is it is
quite an attractive deck and it makes
for a really good showpiece when you do
flourishes the tech box that Dan and
Dave released is very attractive and it
has that kind of homage to the vintage
feel with the very classic large font
letters on the left on the right
the deck box is embossed with race
letters and it also has gold foil
accents throughout and so that is quite
attractive and let me just say that
you're not going to get any gaffes
with this deck it is just a standard
deck of cards your ace of spades it's
gonna be completely standard and you're
gonna get 2 full-size jokers that are
standard other than that like I said
you're not getting any special cards not
getting any gas nothing like that what
you are getting with this deck is simply
a quality deck
these cards are very thin they're very
snappy they're very springy these cards
a cambric finish and if the deck itself
is just really clean really smooth but
deck cut has really nice rounded corners
and it just fits well and feels really
well in your hands so when you're
getting this deck know that that's what
you're paying for you're paying for just
a quality reprint in just next
old dad you might remember a couple of a
couple years back
bicycle did release these decks this
same back design as part of their
heritage are their vintage design series
and you can probably still pick them up
in a couple different places but there
are some differences between bicycles
version and Dan and Dave's version dan
and Dave didn't just slap their name on
the back of this vintage series and just
call it their own first of which Dan and
Dave's colors are much more richer and
much more vibrant their blue is much
deeper and their red is much deeper if
you look at the bicycle version there
are red and blue is much more similar to
their 808 series where the colors are
very bright and very peppy the other
thing is like I said it before Dan and
Dave's deck is cut very smooth and the
stock and finish a very very sweet to
handle if you get the bicycle series
it's just gonna be like a standard 808
deck that's gonna have that same cut
that same kind of feel to it so again
you're gonna get a much higher quality
better product from D&D the thing I did
like about the bicycle version is that
bicycle trying to keep that same vintage
feel in there ace of spades in fact a
lot of the Heritage decks have the
vegetation space and Dan and Dave did
not other than that though I would
probably give it to the DND in this case
and I think if you get the chance these
are both released from Dan and Dave in
both red and blue and I would highly
recommend them especially if you're one
of those collectors that likes to get a
lot of those vintage series decks I
would go go for Dan a days version and
pass on the bicycle heritage release but
that's just my opinion
you can always expect high quality decks
from Dan and Dave every time and I will
always recommend their products alright
so that's the end of my review and as
always I say subscribe to my channel on
YouTube you can always like me on
Facebook and follow me on Twitter to
stay updated with the things that are
coming out thanks